hey what's up everybody and welcome to
another episode of learning from the
pros where we learn how some of the best
experts approach digital advertising
joining me today is Tim Davidson he is
the founder slvp of marketing owner of
B2B RZ the the man himself uh Tim
welcome thank you for having me uh I
know I rescheduled 10 times so this
is no man I'm pumped to do it like uh we
we met briefly in person you know way
back when at metadata
uh it's crazy like full circle moment
now here you know you're doing your own
thing I'm doing my own thing and uh and
you're crushing it man like which is
really cool to
see well thank you uh yeah I think that
was I think that was three three or four
years I think it was four years ago now
which is crazy yeah but it's a lot of
change in four years but yeah seriously
you got like three businesses under
one I had I had less hair back then you
know now I have more more white hairs
The Gray beard going too it's coming so
for everyone uh who's here right now if
you didn't get it from the uh the title
of the video we are going to be talking
about ABM and Linkedin ads uh this is
one of the hottest topics you know like
in terms of people that that we talk to
around like help and what they're
looking to accomplish uh doing
account-based marketing and doing it on
LinkedIn is it usually goes hand inand
so Tim is going to be sharing his 10
tips today so Tim why don't you kick us
off with with the first tip first tip uh
so I guess I know it's 10 tips uh this
is more maybe a caveat is you don't need
like an ABM platform to do ABM this can
all be done through Linkedin ads so I
guess the it's not even a tip but you
really don't need an amm platform to do
amm I think it's a great it's a great
disclaimer because there's a lot of
people where it's the same thing you
know not to go too on of a tangent here
but it's like the same thing with
attribution where they're like I need
that tool to do attribution and I'm like
wait wait wait you just first how about
you just capture utm's consistently you
know like let's start there you know
what I mean and then you know you kind
of like level up no that's exactly right
um but yeah it's just you still see the
question I'm trying to start ABM we need
an ABM platform which one should I get
it's just like it's not it's not how it
works yeah number one uh this is going
to be the base of all your ABM with
LinkedIn ads you account list uh it's
going to be the the layer of everything
if account list is off everything's
going to fall apart and the reason I say
that is because a lot of companies will
create an account list by based off of
you know let's say employee size or
Industries and um maybe it's just uh
even technology used and they they just
grab data provider and they'll put those
filters in and Export a list problem
with that is and I've used probably 10
data providers now they all have uh
their issues and whatever that list is
say it's it's 5,000 accounts it's not
going to be 5,000 accounts because the
data is not going to be perfect you have
to really go through that with marketing
and sales and make sure the account list
is right um the basis of everything so
when it comes to the list creation piece
is like in your experience uh you know
like being on the on the agency side is
that something where you're like guiding
clients through that and you're really
you know trying to helping them narrow
that down or is that something that's
kind of more on them um um on like that
list piece so a lot of times clients
will have a list already um and then
I'll usually push and ask questions to
see if that's the actual right list as
in like what companies are we missing
out on are because sometimes companies
will just have like the Nikes Adidas
Googles and Microsoft and like it's like
100 accounts that they think is their
account list and that that might be
right but what other accounts are we
missing out on that are just not just
because sales slacked you these type of
accounts so I try to help in terms of
guiding them through kind of like a
process to to create it um you know
looking at your customer list looking at
you know late stage Pipeline and seeing
what kind of uh criteria makes up a good
customer for you that Sal would love to
talk to um but at the end of the day
it's they have they're going to have
like final say like marketing and sales
and everyone should sign off on whatever
that ACC list is yeah 100% uh like I
always say to people you know you nailed
the list when the impression itself is
valuable yeah you know and for a lot of
like full stop you know it's like even
if you got nothing in terms of like
direct response it's like just you know
you're reaching the right people and
it's the people that matter the
impression itself is uh is super
valuable all right so tip number one is
uh make sure you nail that account list
or everything else is going to suck
what's uh the second tip the second and
so now now they have that account list
is uploading the LinkedIn but there's
two ways to upload you can either do a
company list or a contact list and I
strongly uh Intrigue you to upload it as
an account list the reason is some
people want to upload as a contact list
you know you export uh all the contacts
from like a data provider and then you
upload it uh the reason not to do that
is one is is match rates um so an
account list if you upload to LinkedIn
match ratees are going to be very high
you know9 5 100% um so you're matching
all those accounts a contact list it's
really going to be even if you use like
everyday provider clay everything it's
going to be like 30 to
70% Max so you're going to be missing
out on people that you want to talk to
um because if you just upload the
account list you can actually add in all
right I want to talkg these accounts
plus job titles or S earning function or
something like that the other reason is
especially in B2B people are moving from
companies all the time so if you upload
an a contact list that contact list is
going to get really old really fast
because people get promoted people leave
people join companies layoffs happen all
the time and so that contact list is
going to be coming very stale very fast
and you just have to like try to keep up
with that all the time but if you do the
company list plus the job titles a
sorting function that's going to be
dynamic and that's going to if someone
wins and it has that job title and that
company they'll be added to your
targeting so you don't have to worry
about uploading the contact list every
week or so so yeah that makes a lot of
sense I can already hear somebody saying
this who's watching and they're like
well Tim like what's the Right audience
size you know when I you know when I
match the list versus the the the titles
or
whatnot the truth is the audience size
is your audience size um and I say that
because if you go into LinkedIn it'll
say like oh minimum audience size should
be 50,000 or some people say 100,000
whatever that is that's just blanket
statement uh the audience size is
audience size so whatever that company
list is plus the the contacts within it
um you could do kind of like some you
know just kind of gut checking you could
use like a data provider and see what
the contexts are of uh those accounts
and see like if you want to tet like VPS
and directors or something like that um
but at the end of the day it's going to
be whatever your audience size
is ideally it's a good mix of not too
small not too big but really just
depends on what your audience size is
the the people you want to talk to and
the companies and for that for the
creation of your audiences are you when
are you thinking about like multiple
personas and how that fits in yeah so
usually that could really come down to
budget sometimes in terms of because you
want to start with your core audience
right like if you're targeting you know
marketers you should start with that and
then expand to like maybe sales or you
know uh depending on the company sizes
uh the CEOs or something like that uh in
finance but ideally you want to start
with who your core audience is and then
expand based off of budget or you know
there's also certain segments so maybe
it's
um you know people in that are
opportunities that's where you kind of
expand a little bit within those but
it's going to be a smaller audience
because it's still filtering in who
opportunity so you're you're not going
to spend too much Budget on that anyway
yep 100% awesome so make sure you
leverage the firmographics on top of the
of the account list so that way you have
more flexibility versus you know just
uploading contacts then the match rates
are awful and uh you know ultimately
like you mentioned which is such a great
Point like people leave companies all
the time yeah exactly all right uh tip
number three number three uh so this is
more important for these is going to be
your frequency so making sure to check
on that um very frequent frequently
yep um because obviously if you're
targeting account list typically going
to be smaller audiences than if you're
doing like Industries and just kind of
like a wider net demand gen type of
style um and what can happen there is
obviously you can oversaturate your
audience with ad frequency being too
high or campaign frequency being too
high um this is where but one of the
biggest reasons just to check your ad
frequency I like it like three depending
on the the um how it's performing I like
to switch it out or pause it uh but
that's where that what that means is
you're going to have to update your ads
more frequent if you're doing that
pretty fast yeah so so just unpack that
like if you're aiming for a frequency of
three depending on the the size of the
audience if it's larger you know it'll
take longer to hit a frequency of three
if it's smaller it'll it'll be much
quicker to hit that frequency of three
and then are you are you looking at
frequency like in in relation with some
other metrics in terms of like making
those decisions on on when you're going
to replace those outs
yeah so I'm looking at it uh so
obviously if it's if it's performing
very very well keep it running until you
start to see that decrease and when I
say performing very well that could be
that could be uh you know website
conversions that could be leads whatever
that metric you're looking at for those
or whatever the campaign objective is
but it could also be average do time or
click the right um if you know it's like
the right kind of uh content um or video
views video view percentage um but yeah
usually at like that three
if it's you know average it's not doing
it's like doing well but not like over
the top then I'll pause it or and the
thing is you don't have to create like a
huge different ad it could be very
similar just maybe different headline or
different ad copy things like that or
even toally back and color yeah and
especially like in in the context of ABM
like you want a good frequency right
like you want like you want a a decent
number because at the end of the day
it's like it's not just uh a company but
it's like specific individuals within
that account so you really want to make
sure you're you're you're saturating
them as much as possible yeah and and
typically you know obviously depends on
what accounts you're going after if you
have a wider Net versus smaller at the
end of the day you can't just like force
people to buy it's it really is
dependent on timing and so what you're
trying to do is get different content
different messages in front of them so
when it is time for them to buy they
think of you 100% so that's why it's
very important to kind of keep it diff
and obviously if you're showing someone
the same ad 40 times in a month they're
not going to be too happy when they're
ready to buy they're not yeah 100% well
said uh tip number four number four uh
so this kind of comes a little bit into
the frequency but LinkedIn so the tip is
to use the company feature was kind of a
newer feature uh for impression uh
capping I guess uh so basically
linkedin's not the best at distrib
ruting your uh budget and Impressions
within a campaign across accounts if you
have like an Amazon in your in a
campaign you will see your budget get
eat up by 50% of that which makes sense
there it's typically going going to be
more of those job titles you want to
Target within Amazon than other accounts
but you're selling to the company right
you're selling to the person but you're
if if Amazon becomes a customer you're
going to exclude that right so it's a
little bit uh you want to spread your
budget across accounts and if you use
that feature you can create um certain
company segments like Dynamic segments
so for example uh if an account gets 500
impressions in the last seven days you
can exclude that in a campaign and so
once that account hits that impression
level uh it'll exclude it and then your
budget will be spread across other
accounts because it's excluding that
company for that time frame until it
obviously gets out of the 500 plus
Impressions you can obviously play
around with that it could be 300
Impressions there's different ways to
think about it depending on your
audience size and budget this is a
really cool feature that uh you like I
personally have not used enough uh I'm
super guilty there um it's it's really
cool so like are you like in like in
practice um like kind of what's the
workflow look like you know when when
you're leveraging it uh so like how to
like create it you mean not not so much
like like how are you thinking about
like those impressions thresholds so
like for context like let's like pretend
I'm someone in the audience like okay I
I I nailed my list like this is on point
I'm really going after the companies I
care about to start I'm going to just
focus on job titles against the list so
it's like you know on point now I'm
launching it how should I be thinking
about like ways I'm going to leverage
that outside of just like a you know the
the cap itself yeah so for the capping
what I in terms of like and sorry if I'm
misunderstanding
but figuring out like what that actual
cap number is uh what I'm doing is just
say let's just say you run the the
campaign for 7 days you can actually go
into that company feature create that
that um segment so let's just say 500
Impressions last seven days and it will
show you how many companies are in that
and so if you have zero companies in
that maybe you you need to make the
impression cap a little bit smaller uh
if it have a ton of companies in there
and you can see like know there's 100
companies in there maybe we actually
need
based off of we actually need it to be a
higher threshold and so you're kind of
gauging off of that the ones I usually
start with are 500 Impressions last
seven days 350 Impressions last 7 days
and then 150 Impressions last seven days
you don't have to use them all but you
have them created so you can kind of see
what that would look like uh when you're
doing it nice so then from that alone
you're seeing the distribution and like
the movement yeah of those accounts
which is really cool which also makes it
easy now from a reporting perspective is
you can you you could report out on that
hey especially with ABM if the goal is
to saturate more of these accounts and
build that affinity and Trust now you
could say hey we've got these many
companies that like fit this threshold
and that reach this threshold and so on
and so forth and then in in in practice
are you and I'm getting super in the
weeds here because I'm just generally
just curious uh are you then like
creating three campaigns based on
impression threshold where you're like
hey these companies are you know past
this point so I'm gonna try to serve
this much budget to them or I guess it
depends on the client but are you just
like cycling them out where you're like
okay you had your fair share now I'm no
longer going to show Impressions to you
yeah so usually I'm I'm it's it's just
say you have the campaign I'm using it
I'm actually just adding it as an
exclusion within that campaign so that
let's just say meta or or Amazon or they
got their fair share of Impressions they
stop then obviously they're going to
come back in once they hit they go P
they go under that impression threshold
in the last days but uh got it but as
you're you're running these you will
notice some accounts that might just be
eating up the budget consistently then
you can create their own accounts uh or
own campaigns for that um I actually
another one of the tip is kind of
segment out um by employee size which
you can use that kind of filter as an
idea of which what employee size I
should actually filter out because it's
going to help spread your budget across
different accounts nice that's awesome
yeah really like if you guys take one
thing like Leverage this feature that's
that's so valuable cool you can do it
for paid clicks too you can create
Dynamic lists off that so there's
different ways to do it um there's a lot
of things and it's so early I feel
they're going to like expand on it it's
really interesting yeah I think it's
like part of the Aria acquisition that
they did a while back uh and it's kind
of like now coming into fruition you
know like all these all these changes
and stuff I know they did that for like
the button- Click conversion
but I don't know if uh I didn't yeah I
didn't even think about that maybe yeah
I mean I could be wrong but that's kind
of my my thinking that was a great exis
I thought that was really yeah for sure
all right uh tip number
five number five uh all right so PE some
people kind of push back on this um but
it's to test one to one ABM ads now the
reason I usually get push back on it
because it sounds like it's a lot of
work and at some point it is uh cuz some
people think you know obviously you have
to create new creative uh new messaging
content landing page everything has to
be one to one I don't think you do um I
actually think it can be more simple in
terms of just uh creating the ad which
is one to one maybe it's like hey
Riverside or uh or have it have their
kind of logo and name within the ad and
then obviously changing the message a
little bit but if you create it as a
template you can kind of scale it out a
little bit but the reason I say to test
it is I've been testing it with a few uh
companies and the click the rates for
image ads like 5 to 10% which not again
not thought leadership ads these are
image ads these things will stick out
and so with that click the rate click
the r is not obviously not everything
but you can see people going to the
landing page and things like that and
these at the end of the day that's what
you're trying to do right stop someone
from seeing stop someone in the scroll
so they can see your message and if you
have a good message you have a good
value prop there it's going to be
helpful um and I'm testing it with uh
and usually you kind of combine that
with like an Enterprise AE who's also
doing Outreach these kind of accounts
you kind of segment out like if you have
a thousand accounts you probably
shouldn't create one to one APM ads for
all those but try 50 try 100 and do like
Outreach with the Enterprise AE or
something like that uh the it's very
interesting that's really cool so uh for
for context for everyone you're creating
one campaign targeting one company that
one company you have an ad that's
specific to them where you're saying in
this case hey Riverside and uh the
graphic is speaking to them and the the
copy itself is is mentioning that
specific company uh which it's like it's
literally designed for them which in
result you're getting these like insane
clickthrough rates of 5
10% uh which is bananas like for
everyone listening traditionally like a
company image ad post if you have above
1% clickthrough rate that's like oh
you're you're crashing it like good job
you know uh having 5% is like we must
have Bots like there's something you I
mean like something's broken uh and then
10% is just like you know it's just like
unest like Unthinkable um for the most
part do you want to throw some caveats
in here sure do not Target Germany uh
they will slap you with a lawyer very
fast lawyer lawyer bills or whatever
they they just don't have it Europe I
wouldn't try either and the other caveat
here I've only really tried this with
mtech sales Tech and customer success I
know I I know of some companies and
people that have tested with like it and
all these other Industries I would say I
don't think it's going to work for every
single industry um there's going to be
some buyers that are just they don't
care for it I guess or they think it's
creep or something like that um
so I'm not saying it's going to work for
everyone but in mtech sales Tech
customer success have seen pretty
interesting results that's a really good
point around like the legalities uh one
thing you can do that that I've done in
the past because I I ran into an issue
was instead of using their logo in the
creative we just called them out in the
intro
text they can't you know what I mean
they can't sue against that you know
because we're not using their brand
asset you know we're just we're just
targeting them that's it we're all we're
doing you know and then uh in the
creative itself um another thing that
you can't get sued for
is showing me alternative take things
you can't get sued for in ads uh and
like another thing you could do it's it
takes time and effort but it's it could
work is uh instead of like showing their
logo in the ad you browse to their
website you know again another thing
it's public space it's public domain and
it's another way for you being
personalized you know um I heard about
one person that they were going to the
founders profile page on LinkedIn and
then turning that into an ad and the
onetoone campaigns but like I mean I
just feel like it's a bit creepy
personally like that's a bit too much
you know it's like John at you know what
I mean whatever the company is you know
I mean and then you're you're you're
like yeah so there's definitely like a
it's it's like the Spider-Man reference
like with great power comes great
responsibility you know it's like use it
wisely because to creepy I mean to your
point you don't want to get too creepy I
I do know I mean I'm I'm sure you've
seen it like LinkedIn was that there
like that beta program where it would
call the person's name out in the ad it
be like they still have it yeah we've
actually been running some tests with
that yeah how's that going uh it's
inconclusive uh the first test came in
and the results were awful second test
came in and they're actually not too bad
uh so we don't know yet like we're we're
we're still testing it but my initial
reaction was like it's too creepy it's
not going to work but yeah I mean let's
see all right um let's go on tip number
six all right number six uh this
actually comes back to the company
feature so I mentioned you could do
Dynamic list off of Impressions or
things like that you can also do it
based off of paid clicks or uh the
engagement or just again Impressions so
instead of excluding you could also do
inclusions um but you're not even
including it but basically using this as
kind of like sales triggers for uh for
sales uh so it could be a way to uh
prioritize
um kind of Outreach or other aspects
you're doing outside of LinkedIn um so
just say for example oh uh you're seeing
kind of like Trends on paid clicks or
paid engagements uh for an account you
can kind of trigger that to sales to
reach out because it might be a good
time uh I know there's I think fer does
this too where you can actually see kind
of like a progression of it so it be
like oh pay click pay click uh you know
over the the months and then you'll see
like um you know became an opportunity
or something like that uh but even
within LinkedIn you can use company
features to trigger those out those
Outreach that's such a a cool tip like
when it comes to ABM and and outbound
it's all about having a reason to reach
out and reaching out at the right time
and using your ads as a way to create
those opportunities for you know for
outreach I think that's like such a good
thing because there's so many companies
that they like they'll be like oh I want
to run ABM and I have 4,000 accounts and
I'm like yeah okay do you have you know
like $400,000 in budget you know what I
mean like it's going to be insane um and
it's like if you can if you can drill
down further based on a signal you know
oh we're not going to just go after any
of these accounts but it's an account
that like for context like uh one of the
guys that I I learned a lot from is
Isaac from user gems uh he taught our
ABM course that's launching later this
year and they're running up to 500 1:1
APM campaigns in a given course which is
like bananas uh and like their thing is
is exactly that it's like signal based
you know so they use the ads to like as
a signal or they're using their actual
Tech to find signals to go after but
yeah I think a lot of people are going
to like hear this and they're going to
be like yeah signals and then they're
going to you know go about their life
and and just run their ads but like ABM
is account-based marketing which is like
fundamentally it's like marketing and
sales alignment so if you're just this
is more like a disclaimer for the
viewers but like if you're just running
ads against these accounts and then
expecting the ad alone especially if if
you're here listening in your Enterprise
to do all of the work and and secure the
deal like ABM is not you know the
solution if you yeah if you just rely on
LinkedIn ad it's not GNA it's just one
part of it right for AVM it's just one
part of it it can help but it's not
going to be if you if you rely rely on
it solely just like anything any
marketing if you rely on that solely
just not GNA work as well totally all
right so use LinkedIn ad triggers for
your sales Outreach what's tip number
seven number seven uh so we briefly
talked about this but splitting out
campaigns um based off employee size
this can depend on your budget because
there's a minimum you know daily budget
and all those things but uh one thing I
found especially if you're targeting
Enterprise companies is to to split it
out um like 500 plus employees in up
then 500 in under or so so 500 and under
and then 50 technically 501 and up uh
the reason being part of what we talked
about earlier like it would help spread
the budget across accounts but also the
people you're targeting are going to be
a little bit different uh so if you're
targeting like targeting a CEO at Amazon
Bezos I don't it's not Bezos anymore but
whoever the CEO as now he does not care
he's not going to see your ads it's
going to be it's even a CMO at one of
these Bigg accounts it doesn't it
doesn't matter as much but a CEO at a
200 plus company uh employee size
company especially 50 these smaller
companies the CEOs the executives are
going to be more inclined to share that
ad to the right person uh and so even
just down to like who you're targeting
could be different within those employee
sizes yeah yeah it's a and that's like
another layer of segmentation right so
it's like you you nail down the list
then you have like the specific titles
that you're going after now you're like
even taking a step further and now
you're grouping them out by by employee
size yeah and even if you like depending
on your budget if you're targeting if
you're targeting like an Amazon and meta
managers usually don't have a lot of say
and so and there's G to be a lot of them
so to save some money if you're you're
you know if your freaking audience
penetration is like 1% you can just
exclude managers at 500 plus employees
companies and be okay but you're going
to miss out on you know smaller
companies that have managers because
they're you know let's say you're
talkinging like a marketing
department some of these managers have a
lot of say smaller
companies two people like if some of
these companies you know 100 plus
employee company maybe it's just a
manager and a VP in the department you
know so like you don't want to miss out
on that person 100% all right tip number
eight number number eight uh so creating
remarking lists specific for ABM again I
think this is kind of a trend on the
budget allocation because everyone at
the end of the day has a uh specific
amount of budget but creating specific
remarking um audiences layering on top
of that ABM accounts just so you can you
can show different messaging you can uh
you know have more like demo call to
actions or uh more sales like an
incentive or something like that it's
just going to be better for your
allocation and again again making it
very specific with the ABM account list
on top so we have like image ad
remarketing video views uh website
remarketing company page all that stuff
that it's not they're showing intent but
they're showing more intent than someone
that doesn't isn't doing any of that
stuff then laying on the ABM accounts so
you can spend more Budget on the people
that are having again a little bit more
of a signal there so so just to like
unpack that for everyone uh you are
getting in front of these accounts for
the first time you know they're they're
interacting with your ads now based on
their interactions uh like you you
mentioned like be like image ad clicks
it could be a video view depending on
the format now you're putting them in a
sub audience so this retargeting segment
and now you're going to be able to serve
them more specific content uh because
now they're a little bit further along
in terms of like their level of intent
with with your company exactly in theory
right like you're have a time frame on
those kind of remarketing audiences and
and one one caveat here is you're you're
adding more layers on there so depending
on your budget depending on the number
of
accounts this might take some time to
build you might not have a lot of a big
enough audience because the audience
minimum is 300 people um but uh again
depending on all those kind of factors
you have this could be a way to show
different messages different things
within that time frame of they're
showing a little little bit more intent
M you get high conversion rates there
Tim a huge piece that I know people are
going to ask is content you know
specifically for these campaigns what
have you seen work and your experience
with content for the remarketing
specifically for for the remarketing and
and also the prospecting the remarketing
uh I'm a big actually this goes
prospecting too I'm a big big fan of
social proof um I think it's just the
oldest marketing tactic in the world
it's word of mouth it's scale uh social
proof in both I would I would debate
should be there um that could be
testimonials that could be case studies
uh ideally you're showing the person's
face because especially depending on who
you know who you're targeting it's a
very small if you're targeting like B2B
marketers it's a very very small world
right someone Sil say my face it's going
to be a little bit different they're be
like oh I know this person or
whatever so social proof for both uh in
the remarketing um I have no problem
adding like a demo call to action um
depending the account size uh
incentivized offers can work there too
um actually I have this little thing US
versus them kind of ads so basically you
know usually it looks like oh there's on
one side it's you know why us and then
the other side it's the bad sides of
like a competitor or like the industry
as a whole so like why you're different
so it's kind of like unique value props
um let's see here I'm imagining the uh
the Walnut ads it's like the with the
little baby kitten and the the lion yeah
yeah those work great the before and
after ones work great too so like you
know before working using our product
after working our using our product um
I'm also a big fan of uh just looking at
my little Library here you uh you
recently launched an ad library right
yeah that's what that's what I'm looking
at um then feel like the prospecting
memes could work again depending on who
you're targeting memes work really
really really well just for like that uh
basic brand awareness type of thing um
there's a lot you can unpack but so I'd
say for the remarketing big fan of like
stats social proof dble called actions
incentivized offers um and then like
especially for the Enterprise like uh
those G2 badges do matter the gardener
stuff I understand that matters I'm not
a big fan of it like the gardener stuff
and all that but it does matter to the
Enterprise um all those kind of reports
do matter um espe so like for marketing
if someone has a little bit more intent
those kind of things could help you know
guide someone to the right way
nice yeah if um if somebody wanted to
get access to your to your library could
we could we put that in the show notes
yeah absolutely awesome um so let's go
on I think we're on tip number
nine number nine okay uh so this one is
not to skip on exclusions uh because I
think what happens is when you're Target
an account list you think you don't need
to exclude uh as much um exclusions
matter a lot especially if you're
targeting Enterprise because even if you
have a a very good account list there's
going to be people within that that list
that account that account uh but they
don't actually work there so an example
of that could be like someone that sells
on Amazon and they put amazon.com as one
of their profiles but they are actually
like a completely different title at a
different company uh a lot of people
have like multiple profiles uh so those
exclusions and checking those the
demographics report going be very very
key uh even if you're targeting
countless do do not Overlook the
exclusions yeah that's such a important
Point uh with the the multiple roles
right specifically and like how LinkedIn
goes about matching targeting so yeah
you might like you might think you're
getting in front of a founder at a 200
person company but it's like a Founder
with a side hustle who his full-time job
is at a a 200 person company I can't
explain how annoying that is because
You' think it'd be an easy fix just
LinkedIn should their engineering team
just needs to say one just look at the
same profile title and Company and
employee size and Industry and all that
but it will literally take what you said
c CEO at one person company and say
you're the CEO of Amazon because you're
also the design specialist at Amazon no
sense to me it'll tell you I I can't I
can't understand that yeah i' over SL
all right uh we're on the 10th and final
tip this one's going to sound like
Captain Obvious that I'm being Captain
Obvious here but LinkedIn AD should not
be your only ABM motion it's going to be
one part of it so everything else you do
around it is going to help it big time
uh having the the AE Outreach having
other platforms having email cadences
and you know cold calls and all that
stuff everything else you're doing
events all that stuff is going to make
anything on the ABM LinkedIn ad side
much much better do not just just say
I'm doing ABM obviously if you just buy
a platform and just say you're doing AVM
don't just upload an the account list
run ads and say you're doing ABM because
technically you are but it's not going
to work as well if you're doing not
doing everything else totally totally
ads are just an amplifier you know
you're amplifying the message you're
getting in front of the people that
matter you're trying to create a
memorable experience for them but
ultimately it's up to them on how they
they move through that and it's like we
don't have enough budget just to make
like to serve the amount of ads that we
would need right uh in practice to like
do all the heavy lifting to
create Enterprise pipeline at that scale
so it like you you mentioned earlier
around like the the triggers and
aligning with sales and that's where
LinkedIn ads becomes powerful right yeah
oh yeah that alignment with sales if you
can like I think one of the best things
you can do is just pick a 100 accounts
work with the Enterprise AE and just
work together on a good Cadence together
and just start proving things out like
testing different cadences and uh
different Outreach sequences based off
of you know paid clicks or what the the
AE is doing like if you could do that
you can learn a lot and you have pretty
good success it's awesome all right
everyone just to do a quick recap uh tip
number one was all around defining your
account list that it's going to make or
break your success so do not skimp over
that uh number two uh Tim mentioned
around uploading the account list and
layering in job titles or seniority or
functions and really focusing on the
account list the company list not the
contact list so you can get that
granularity that specificity by layering
in that additional options uh the tip
number three was around frequency and
making sure you're actually monitoring
frequency you don't be afraid of it like
you want a good enough frequency just
keep an eye on like your click theate
and your other metrics but make sure
you're actually racking up a frequency
the fourth tip was around using the
company feature to be able to
dynamically exclude based on Impressions
and also measure the way your accounts
are moving through the the different
layers of exposure tip number five was
to test one to1 ABM campaigns but uh be
careful of Germany and uh the legalities
right if you're going to be uh serving
these ads just know that you know like
there is an opportunity for you to get a
seas and assist uh but provide it your
own caution uh tip number six was to use
LinkedIn ads as a a way to generate
triggers for your sales team like who's
liking your ads what's the level of
Engagement um and and that could be
great information for sales to craft an
outbound uh email and then tip number
seven was to split your campaigns by
employee size so just keep keep an eye
on the amount of uh employees by company
and uh also the ic's within those
companies like Tim was saying hey if
you're trying to get in front of the CEO
of Amazon like good luck right uh one
they might not be on LinkedIn as often
and two they might not just not care
right compared to some of these smaller
companies they're much more active uh
tip number eight was to use ABM specific
remarketing segments so like the way I
interpreted this tip is like keep the
party going you know
uh now that you've got them they're
interacting let's keep the party going
with uh some additional uh remarketing
campaigns to them tip number nine was
just because you're targeting specific
accounts doesn't mean you can't skip on
the occlusions don't forget the way
LinkedIn goes about matching it's not
perfect and finally uh tip number 10
which is my personal favorite which is
uh LinkedIn ads shouldn't be the only
thing you're doing in your account based
motion like it truly is a team support
Tim thank you so much for being here
this is awesome if people want to
connect with you where can they find you
uh Le is going to be the best spot by
far just type in Tim Davidson I had
glasses on blue background you'll find
me awesome he's also got great content
on uh Tik Tok uh been a long time
follower there so if you guys uh love
B2B content check him out there I'll
we'll drop all his stuff on the show
notes and uh you can connect with Tim
and also check out his awesome ad lier
that he recently launched then uh Tim
thanks so much for being here and
everyone if you're not subscribed yet uh
please do we know you're not based on
the analytics we can see so appreciate
you that subscribe button and liking and
we'll see you in the next one subscribe